# CS320-Software-Test-Automation-QA
SNHU
After completing CS320 Through SNHU these are some wrap up questions to conclude the course.

How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
There are many ways to ensure that code, programs, and software are functional and secure. Ensuring that proper steps are taken during the SDLC will ensure that every step of the build process is functioning correctly and is secure. Testing is a great way to ensure that the code is set up properly different testing techniques can take place during different parts of the SDLC to ensure the program is testing early and often which will prevent issues and security vulnerabilities down the road. Although there are many testing types, one efficient testing type is unit testing such as JUnit can be built specifically for the program you are trying to test and can be ran automatically. Ultimately the goal to make sure software is functional and secure is to test early and often.

How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
User needs are an important part of developing software as it’s the needs of the user which need to be best met to achieve user satisfaction. Getting a proper understanding of what the User wants should be the first step of understanding their needs which should be done in a thorough interview process. It is important to understand that although it is important to understand what the user wants it’s not our job to instruct them in what they want but rather guide them, which will prevent biases from happening. As the project is built it’s important to keep the user informed as questions and thoughts about the program can change over time. Once you have a proper understanding of what the user wants and understanding of what is doable and not doable it is easy to incorporate those user needs into the program. 

How do I approach designing software?
Designing software can be approached in a bunch of different ways but the overall goal is to build it correct the first time. The first step of designing software is understanding the needs of the program and writing them down. The getting an outline of the software which can be done a few different ways one of those being pseudocode. Once a proper understanding of what is needed and writing up a pseudocode is complete then it’s time to build it which should be done in steps till completion. Each step needs to ensure that proper testing is completed, and the requirements are met. Once the code is written completely then unit testing and automatic testing needs to be done to ensure the code can run flawlessly through many different tests. Overall ensuring code is proper can be done if the programmer uses SecDevOps which ensures that proper security is implemented into he SDLC of the software.
